update docs - make the dns_prefix in azurerm_kubernetes_cluster to be… (#12724)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

* `default_node_pool` - (Required) A `default_node_pool` block as defined below.

> * `dns_prefix` - (Required) DNS prefix specified when creating the managed cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
> 
> * `dns_prefix_private_cluster` - (Optional) Specifies the DNS prefix to use with private clusters. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dns_prefix` - (Optional) DNS prefix specified when creating the managed cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `dns_prefix_private_cluster` - (Optional) Specifies the DNS prefix to use with private clusters. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

-> **Note:** One of `dns_prefix` or `dns_prefix_private_cluster` must be specified.
```
